feat(changelog): redistm-added-support-for-redis-v7211 2025-10-31 (#5742)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/october2025/2025-10-31-redistm-added-support-for-redis-v7211.mdx

---
title: Support for Redis v7.2.11
status: added
date: 2025-10-31
category: databases
product: redistm
---

> Redis v7.2.11 is now available. Follow [this documentation](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/managed-databases-for-redis/api-cli/upgrade-redis-version/) to upgrade your instances. v7

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Redis v7.2.11 is now available. Follow our [documentation on upgrading](/managed-databases-for-redis/api-cli/upgrade-redis-version/) to upgrade your existing Redis™ instances to the latest version.
```
